### Feature

- [Feature] New version interface for each module to get version-related information
- [Feature] Unify the front and back-end regular checksum, unify the back-end regular checksum for verification.
- [Feature] Home host search add advanced search portal to jump to the resource host advanced filtering side slide
- [Feature] Add loading to cluster template topology tree display area
- [Feature] Prohibit host transfer to already archived services
- [Feature] Event Watch supports generic model instance event subscription by model
- [Feature] Eventwatch supports mainline model instance event subscription
- [Feature] Adjust the attributes under the group of auto-discovery information attributes of hosts to be editable
- [Feature] Batch delete instances interface (batch_delete_inst) adds forensic function which was missed originally. After adding the forensic right, it may not be backward compatible, that is, the original user without permission can not call the interface normally now, and needs to be concerned by the platform and the user, if you really need to delete permission, you can apply for the permission directly.

### Bugfix

- [Bugfix] Fix the problem that the underline of the id of the model association list is not completely displayed.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of abnormal UI display of host details user type field.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that update may fail when renaming cloud area.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that the date panel is occasionally obscured.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of incomplete copy of host cluster name and module name.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of incorrect display of cluster and module related fields when the host belongs to multiple modules.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of failure to cancel association after canceling association with mainline model instances.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that the instance association list incorrectly shows the instance itself.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of invalid export instance cancellation button.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that the update fails if there is no instance data when the host is imported.

### Upgrade

- [Upgrade] Query business interface (search_business) interface, when the business does not exist, the original policy is to report an error, but now it does not report an error and returns null directly. [PR:5473]
- [Upgrade] Optimize process templates and process binding port hints in instances
- [Upgrade] When exporting excel data, if the user in the data does not exist in the user management, the original user name is retained and the user is prompted for non-existence when exporting in English and Chinese.
- [Upgrade] When the reported host static data data uses the new protocol, the host data is updated directly without checking the time window.
- [Upgrade] Permission center remove redundant associated permissions (edit service instance, delete service instance)
- [Upgrade] Adjust the topology node name length limit to 256 characters