# [CMDB] v3.10.19 Version update - 2022-09-27

## New

- [New] Resource pool host transfer to host pool or host transfer other business restrictions adjusted from idle module to idle machine pool
- [New] Add bkDataToken configuration for new call chain reporting
- [New] monstache pod configuration resources resources
- [New] Add support for configuring redis sentinel password when registering redis host snapshot reporting information with gse
- [New] Add version log and configuration file template

## Fix

- [Fix] Fix the abnormal error reported under the scenario of "not equal to" for dynamic grouping
- [Fix] Repair no data display after setting enumeration type field for operation statistics custom instance statistics.
- [Fix] Repair the problem of error caused by using GetInt64ByInterface to parse string in permission migration.
- [Fix] Modify the path of DOCS_DIR during compilation.
- [Bug fix] Fix the problem that when no cluster template attribute is configured, the corresponding template instance cannot be queried.
- [Fix] Use topology instance name verification rules for business name and add unified judgment method for mainline model
- [Fix] Repair the problem that the application operation of business set list without authority cannot be clicked.
- [Fix] Repair the problem of inaccurate synchronization status under the scenario of process-free template.
- [Fix] Repair the small window login address.
- [Fix] Modify the dynamic grouping greater than or less than operator to greater than or equal to and less than or equal to, and solve the problem of inconsistency with interface data verification.
- [Fix] Repair the problem of displaying empty lines when the model only checks the invalid fields.

## Optimization

- [Optimize] Adjust the default sorting method of business topology
- [Optimize] Remove username and password related information from the document
- [Optimize] Remove default value of chart password, require password to be required at startup
- [Optimize] Optimize date and time type property editing and saving interaction
- [Optimize] Modify the compiled file after switching to go mod
- [Optimize] Optimize the audit issue of redundant logging when the host snapshot field is not captured
- [Optimize] Optimize the switch to view state after successful first-level service category name
- [Optimize] Optimize the name and description of include/exclude/ambiguous operators
- [Optimize] Host attribute auto-application unified using batch edit view and other interaction experience optimization
- [Optimize] cmdb introduces vendor for managing package dependencies 
- [Optimize] Optimize the text prompt when the business set name is duplicated
- [Optimize] Optimize common operations of permission initialization