### Feature

- [Feature] Add an interface to query the corresponding service template instance id based on the host id
- [Feature] Added option to add a sheet to store the enumerated fields if the field type is enumerated when exporting excel
- [Feature] Add interface to support updating basereport old version data id's to gse
- [Feature] Add interface for querying instance association and instance details
- [Feature] Add interface for exchanging model attribute group positions
- [Feature] Access to monitor opentelementry
- [Feature] Support host identity lifecycle management capability

### Bugfix

- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of panic caused by forced type conversion of default when judging the built-in cluster module ignored by the mainline parent node
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of omission of batch editing permission application items
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of failure of grouping sorting of model fields
- [Bugfix] Correct the problem of inconsistency in the style of error prompt text in the English version of platform management.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that the grouping name of custom model fields cannot be modified
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of data confusion when editing and updating clone templates.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of graying out hint style of transferring host to other business buttons.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of missing bk_inst_name in the returned instance of query instance topology.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that the page does not switch business when the business ID is modified in the URL.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of not showing lock after changing the authority state of front-end model instance.
- [Bugfix] Repair the error of template process id parameter type.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that the cluster template synchronization history does not display the cluster name and topology path.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that excel importing reverse instance association and organization name with / fails.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that watch loses events when a new event is generated at the exact moment of timeout.
- [Bugfix] Repair the logic of getting excel content when importing.
- [Bugfix] Repair the synchronization problem when the service instance is deleted but the number of service instances in the module is not zero.
- [Bugfix] Unify the IP in the process binding information to be required and adjust the input of the interface for saving process information.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of inaccurate UI for batch operation permission restriction of resource instances.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of unsuccessful modification of model instance properties.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of failure to update action group when deleting old model instance action when migrate iam.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of failure in listening to host identity event.

### Upgrade

- [Upgrade] Add business snapshot name modification table item to platform management
- [Upgrade] The check of table type allows the type of interface or map array
- [Upgrade] Transfer host attribute auto-application only judge the target module 
- [Upgrade] Prohibit the creation of bk-headed models for subsequent creation of built-in models
- [Upgrade] Host list support business name filtering
- [Upgrade] Support for migration of api task with status as string 
- [Upgrade] Query organization full name for replacing organization id when exporting hosts or instances
- [Upgrade] Batch model creation returns correct results
- [Upgrade] Decouple business idle machines from resource pools
- [Upgrade] Automatic application adjustment to batch update by same update data when host transfer
- [Upgrade] Add a new metric collection item in apiserver to count the number of accesses without permission
- [Upgrade] Do not allow users to create group ids starting with bk
- [Upgrade] Add content validation of imported organizations
- [Upgrade] Add partial filter to the unique index of bk_inst_name added automatically when creating a model, to prevent conflicts with the index generated during regular synchronization.
- [Upgrade] Create model grouping and attribute interface to return the actual created data
- [Upgrade] Model instance permission synchronization waits for db initialization to complete before starting
- [Upgrade] Skip commit operation if there is no previous transaction (no db operation) when committing a transaction
- [Upgrade] Adjust front-end title and footer, title is Blue Whale Smart Cloud
- [Upgrade] Optimize the log of synchronized host identity printing