# [CMDB] v3.10.7 Version Update - 2021-10-27

## New

- [New] interface list_service_instance_detail adds support for passing in multiple hostId 
- [New] New interface for query service supports bulk passing of parameters
- [New] add support for registering CMDB platform information to IAM interface for adminserver 

## Fix

- [Fix] Fix the problem that the organization selector is not loaded for initialization
- [Fix] Repair the problem that the model field does not take effect when it is moved into the new group.
- [Fix] Repair the problem that the new host does not create service implementation. 
- [Fix] Repair the problem that cross-page selection is displayed even when the batch cross-page selection is only one page.
- [Fix] Repair the problem that the automatic application status of host attributes does not match with the actual one.

- [Fix] Repair the problem that list_biz_hosts_topo interface returns all if the cluster module conditions are not queried.
- [Fix] Repair the problem that the creation interface is not closed after successful creation of business and optimize the display of topology button of model relationship editing.
- [Fix] Repair the problem that the interface of transfer_host_module does not create service instance.
- [Fix] Repair the problem that the host identity watch gets toekn abnormally in cacheservice, which causes the startup failure.
- [Fix] Repair the incorrect display of modules such as cluster and host under business after adding custom hierarchical model

## Optimization

- [Optimize] Remove the logic of cleaning up the stock of processless service instances included in the service instance transformation in v3.9.33 version
- [Optimize] Adjust mongodb connection pool connection idle timeout to 25 minutes
- [Optimize] Limit the number of single batch transfers to 500 in the host transfer module
- [Optimize] Support remembering the last stretching position in the tree menu on the left side of the business topology
- [Optimize] Modify the second confirmation trigger for complete deletion to click
- [Optimize] Host resource pool table copy function optimization
- [Optimize] Add the trim process for business search, etc.
- [Optimize] Compatible with some scenarios of cross-domain access after chrome version upgrade (using back-end proxy)