### Feature
- [Feature] Added "User Tips" display in instance details field information.
- [Feature] Business search function optimization.
- [Feature] List - Added refresh button and last refresh time display.
- [Feature] Corrected host status synchronization logic.
- [Feature] Advanced filtering - Interaction optimization for adding conditions.
- [Feature] Dynamic group - Interaction style optimization for adding conditions.
- [Feature] In the resource directory, the number of businesses is displayed as "the number of unarchived businesses".
- [Feature] In business topology, if there are no hosts under the current node, the import excel update button is disabled.
- [Feature] Added "Go to Model Management" shortcut entrance in the resource instance list page.
- [Feature] The host advanced filter supports case-insensitive match operators.
- [Feature] In Chinese, the tooltip of process listening information is displayed in English.
- [Feature] Business topology supports batch creation of modules.
- [Feature] Businesses and projects support export to excel.
- [Feature] In the retrieval scene, `in\not` in supports select all.

### Improved
- [Improved] Optimized the display of model instance quantity in the resource directory when there is no permission.
- [Improved] Adjusted the text of the export button for projects and businesses.
- [Improved] Added a second confirmation to the pop-up when exporting projects and businesses.
- [Improved] Project - Export - Basic information translation, fields are mandatory.
- [Improved] Optimization of dynamic group api (create_dynamic_group).
- [Improved] When there are no selectable fields under the model, the select all checkbox in the upper right corner is disabled.
- [Improved] Model - Field device - UI optimization.

### Fixed
- [Fixed] Dynamic group - New error when target host operator selects contains.
- [Fixed] Dynamic group - New error when target is cluster and operator selects contains(CS).
- [Fixed] Error 404 when creating a new module.
- [Fixed] In host auto application, mixed case search is not available when searching "by business topology".
- [Fixed] After editing the template submission, a no permission page appears.
- [Fixed] Host attribute - Added error description to form validation.