### Feature

- [Feature] Provide new interface to the resource pool change log function, the authentication method is different from the operation audit, according to whether the user has the instance view permission to authenticate
- [Feature] New platform management module
- [Feature] Home page multi-IP search support comma and semicolon separation and remember the search content when returning
- [Feature] Service template support cloning
- [Feature] Support for instance-related event listening
- [Feature] Add support for transferring hosts in the idle machine module of multiple services to the idle machine module of another service
- [Feature] In case of transaction write conflict, perform strategic retry operation at scenario level to avoid write conflict as much as possible

### Bugfix

- [Bugfix] Fix model instance authentication error (#5846)
- [Bugfix] Fix the problem of service registration failure during connection to zk, resulting in service unavailability.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of operation button line feed in the small screen of archived services.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that host audit fails to get business ID.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of misalignment of all-selection control of business batch editing.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of renaming of cross-business inspection when updating attribute grouping under business.
- [Bugfix] Repair the abnormality of automatic application topology tree style of host attributes.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that it takes two clicks to modify business attributes in batch.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of dynamic grouping query time.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that the batch import of resource directory is not prompted by errors.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of error in loading the synchronization status of service template instances.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of importing hosts judging the number of excel tables.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of incorrect return error of importing association relationship.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of incorrect parameter type of the new process of service template.
- [Bugfix] Repair the logic of getting excel content when importing

### Upgrade

- [Upgrade] Add judgment to prevent the array of corresponding cell data from crossing the boundary when importing correlations.
- [Upgrade] Support the priority sorting of the business selection list of cross business transfer hosts by authority.
- [Upgrade] Add the judgment of whether the business is archived when transferring hosts.
- [Upgrade] Performance optimization of editing host interface
- [Upgrade] Adjust the page transfer host interface to batch transfer by host final module aggregation
- [Upgrade] Host auto-application only updates hosts with changes
- [Upgrade] Disable built-in cluster module modification through the interface
- [Upgrade] Add logic to attribute verification rules for table types
- [Upgrade] Service template synchronization optimization
- [Upgrade] Natural ordering of business topology trees
- [Upgrade] Migration validation widget adds the ability to validate and clean up processes without process relationships
- [Upgrade] Instance query interface supports time query
- [Upgrade] Support advanced filtering on generic model instance view page