### Feature

- [Feature] Add support for filling in cloud regions for importing hosts 
- [Feature] Add full-text search function for business set, not including resource range
- [Feature] Add an interface to count the number of CPUs of hosts under each business

### Bugfix

- [Bugfix] Fix the limitation that the host transfer module cannot exceed 100 if new service instances are involved.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that audit data cannot be viewed because the model is deleted
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that full-text search es data cannot be deleted.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of failure of querying hosts under custom level nodes
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem that custom fields cannot be edited even though they have editing rights.
- [Bugfix] Repair the failure of host auto-application when there is only one person in charge of the modification purpose and belongs to one of the original group of persons in charge when the host auto-application is carried out by the main and standby persons.
- [Bugfix] Repair the problem of occasional failure of event listening.

### Upgrade

- [Upgrade] Optimize host auto-application permission.
- [Upgrade] Optimize the text of the prompt for importing hosts
- [Upgrade] Transferring hosts to get host application rules from templates first.
- [Upgrade] Modify default business set query conditions and optimize error messages
- [Upgrade] Modify the name of the operations and maintenance personnel field in the business set structure to bk_biz_maintainer
- [Upgrade] Add checksum for parameter 0 to the view service template interface
- [Upgrade] Adjust the request user name length to get esb user list
- GetInt64ByInterface to convert string to int64. 
- [Upgrade] Modify thrift connection to short chain to call
- [Upgrade] Set backup name of old file when syncing hostid file to machine
- [Upgrade] redis sentinel support pass in sentinel password