# [CMDB] v3.10.4 Version update - 2021-08-02

## New

- [New] list_biz_hosts interface adds support for querying data by module attributes, list_biz_hosts_topo interface adds support for querying data by cluster and module attributes
- [New] Add a new mechanism to clear redundant task records and set up regular cleanup.
- [New] New interface to get the number of hosts/service instances of topo nodes in batch, asynchronous loading of the number of hosts/service instances of business topology nodes
- [New] Release the check rule of service template binding IP, and allow binding IP to be empty.
- [New] Add Solaris type to the host type enumeration
- [New] Remove the restriction of not allowing to create instance self-association

## Fix

- [Fix] Fix the problem of showing empty user name when exporting to Excel
- [Fix] Fix the problem of returning host details to the host list of business topology.
- [Fix] Repair the problem of abnormal check and display of process binding information.
- [Fix] Repair the problem of import failure if the associated data is empty when importing host update data by Excel.
- [Fix] Repair the problem of failure caused by obtaining lock twice for the new instance when it is self-associated.

## Optimization

- [Optimize] When getting instance data, if no sorting field is passed in the front end, the instance ID will be sorted by default.
- [Optimize] Place the deactivated model at the end of the same group under all views
- [Optimize] Advanced search of home hosts jump to all list pages of resource hosts
- [Optimize] Release the limit of maximum 500 entries for home host search, and adjust it to 1w. You can choose one of the ways to search for home host when you mix IP and fixed capital number
- [Optimize] Update helm documentation
- [Optimize] Add check for ip as 0.0.0.0 in ip regular check expression
- [Optimize] Delete time type of event details and serialize it in json format
- [Optimize] Optimize the number of instances of model details