### Fixed

- [Fixed] Fixed the logic deadlock issue with the distribution of host identity files.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issues with automatic application of backup persons for service template hosts, automatic deletion of hosts from modules and service templates, and the inability to search under specific conditions in host automatic application, issue with multi-select custom enumeration not being applied.
- [Fixed] Fix front-end input box, host directory, audit page, model group deletion prompt issue, model association display issue, failure to update in real-time after template unbinding, standardize and optimize page styles.
- [Fixed] Optimized info and title styles, added subtitle, standardized navigation bar, and optimized the bottom style, copywriting, and interaction of the table field settings pop-up.
- [Fixed] Fixed the panic issue caused by concurrent read and write operations in procserver map, issues with ESB interface, list_hosts_without_biz, and search_host interfaces.
- [Fixed] Optimized the language switching sequence and the duration of cookie validity.
- [Fixed] Fixed issues with the arrow direction in the model instance association topology diagram, no redirection when clicking on instance ID links, and issues with batch synchronization of service template instance attributes and exports.
- [Fixed] Fixed the compatibility issue of business set with non-array values for business type range.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue where `Cluster Template`, `Service Template`, and `Host Attribute Automatic Application` should open in new pages under the business topology module node information.
- [Fixed] Fixed the fixed width of the operation column in business set/cloud account, and the range of levels that can be created in platform management from 3 to 10.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue where start and limit parameters for pagination validation could not be less than 0, core service panicked when limit was negative, and panic issues when querying model fields without conditions.
- [Fixed] Fixed some watch-related issues.
- [Fixed] Fixed the error issue when entering special characters from regular expressions in the permission center instance query.
- [Fixed] Fixed the error issue when value was not filled in query filter.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue where some default values were not exported when exporting model attribute fields to Excel, the error message during Excel import was not standardized, and file format was not verified during import.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue where the prompt `Failed to get custom query details, HTTP request failed` appeared when previewing dynamic groups.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue where hosts imported with dynamic addressing method showed as successfully imported but did not exist.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue with disordered model import attribute field order, incorrect field grouping, and the use of default values during model instance attribute editing.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue with failed registration of old dataids.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue where string type bk_parent_id could be used when creating mainline topology nodes.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue with custom field conflicts under different businesses.
- [Fixed] Fixed the issue where all service instances of the business were returned when no module was found by the cluster template id.
- [Fixed] Fix the authentication issue for the audit query interface.
- [Fixed] Fixed front-end service category deletion and new ICONS being hidden and international language not switched.
- [Fixed] Fixed the host transfer failure after the host automatically applies user-defined fields.

### Improved

- [Improved] Return error when transaction retry fails.
- [Improved] Optimized the style during table initialization, display of the host details title, and the installation and deployment documentation.
- [Improved] Changed the number of business entries displayed in the resource directory to `Number of unarchived businesses`.
- [Improved] Removed the namespaceSelector field from servicemonoryaml.
- [Improved] Validated the parameters passed to the search_host interface and supported querying based on the default and bk_parent_id fields of cluster modules.
- [Improved] Checked the file extension of imported files.
- [Improved] Set an empty string cache when consuming collector data based on agentid and the host is not found.
- [Improved] Adjusted the method of calculating host disk capacity.